# Privacy TF Minutes - Wed, 20 Sep 2023

* Present: Christine, Wendy, Jeffrey, Pete, Robin, Nick (& Forest), Don
* Regrets: Dan

## Add privacy principles to charters?

Christine: The ethical principles are still a draft note, so referring to draft notes must be ok.

Pete: Resolve the concern about ancillary data first.

Jeffrey: Let's give it to the TAG and let them make this call. But then we still have to decide when to give it to the TAG.

Christine: As a group, could we aim to do that by the end of the year? That'll give us a deadline.

Jeffrey: I even said we'd do that in my AC talk. Any other considerations beyond ancillary data?

Nick: what's the holdup on ancillary data

Pete: I think we're waiting for more from Yoav on his concerns

Jeffrey: I'm going to set up a meeting with Yoav

Nick: Issue?

Pete: [220](https://github.com/w3ctag/privacy-principles/issues/220), [273](https://github.com/w3ctag/privacy-principles/issues/273), and a PR. I'll try to consolidate the references


## [PRs](https://github.com/w3ctag/privacy-principles/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+sort%3Acreated-asc)

### [transparency section #288](https://github.com/w3ctag/privacy-principles/pull/288)

Nick: In response to questions about ambiguity and passive voice, I changed the principle to "sites should provide relevant infomration, and UAs should help people consume relevant information". Clarified that relevant explanatory information is different from the information that's consumed. Not sure there's anything remaining. Jeffrey had a question about whether this required browsers to present information in the permission prompt, but we agree it doesn't require that.

Jeffrey: haven't re-reviewed, but it was pretty close already

Pete: a few minor wording changes

Nick: feel free to wordsmith in the PR

Jeffrey: can we agree to merge after a set of people approve? Pete and me?  Any objections.

[no objections]

Jeffrey: also note the merge conflicts. Maybe it got moved.

## Post TPAC

Jeffrey: noted at TPAC, we should mark which sections apply to which audiences. That's probably an edit to Robin's JS.

Robin: Separating by target audience needs some data

Jeffrey: we can set a class on each for audiences. I can draft a PR

Robin: if you do that, I can work on a script

Jeffrey: or data. [discussion of how to accomplish the listing at the top]

Nick: anything else as feedback from TPAC

Robin: it's too complicated

Don: The IAB makes long industry standards PDFs and also implementers' guides. We could consider an implementers' guide.

Nick: This isn't really for implementers, but maybe a summary version.

Robin: There's some translation to something like a TAG questionnaire that could be interested. Wouldn't make it as a document, but rather a decision tree. With links to know more.

Don: Guides for different audiences. Like for site maintainers. Browser side probably needs to read the whole document. Focus on what website maintainers need to know about privacy principles.

Nick: I could see that.

Jeffrey: Glad Don has volunteered to write it.
